Important information reguarding Andromeda Source Code
-------------------  11:33:25 PM - 10/14/00 ---------------------

Before you will be able to successfully use Andromeda, you
will need to do a few things:

1. Either compile both projects into executable format, or open
both Visual Basic project files (vbp). If you don't have more than
one computer to test Andromeda with, you can use your own IP
address as the server (you must also have the server application running)..
If you are using seperate machines to test it, put the server application
(compiled, or run directly from Visual Basic) on one machine, and the
client side software on the other. 

2. Inside the server, you must add a user. To do this, run the server,
and press Ctrl + N (or click Users -> Create New User). Write down
the user's password, and use that password on the client side when
logging into the Andromeda server

3. Also inside the server, you must add shared folders before a user
will be able to see files on the server's disk. To do this,click Tools -> 
Manage Shared Directories on the server. This will display the shared 
folders dialog. Click Add and browse to a folder you wish to share
with Andromeda clients. When you are done adding the folders you 
wish to share, click Save.

4. You might also want to take a look at the server options dialog. This 
contains all available configuration for the Andromeda RFS. To do this,
click Ctrl + C inside the server's main window.

5. You will need the IP Address of the server machine. To find this,
press the Windows Key and R simultaneously on the server computer.
When the Run dialog appears, type WINIPCFG and press Enter. This 
is the Windows IP Address configuration program. Your IP Address
should be something like 209.88.99.210. Enter this number in the client
software when adding the Andromeda server to the server list.

If you followed the instructions correctly, you are ready to use Andromeda.
Just make sure the server is in Enabled mode, and use the client software
to log in! 

Bugs:

If you find bugs in Andromeda, or have suggestions for improvements,
please email them to rlederman@mad.scientist.com. We appreciate all
feedback!

Visit the Andromeda website: www.induhviduals.com/andromeda

Ryan and Drew Lederman